Raster category readme updates 2 (#489)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: raster/stretch-renderer/README.md

An appropriate stretch renderer can enhance the contrast of raster imagery, allowing the user to control how their data is displayed for efficient imagery analysis.

## How to use the sample

Choose one of the stretch parameter types from the drop down menu:

* Std Deviation - a linear stretch defined by the standard deviation of the pixel values
* Min Max - a linear stretch based on minimum and maximum pixel values
* Percent Clip - a linear stretch between the defined percent clip minimum and percent clip maximum pixel values

Then configure the parameters and click 'Update'.

## How it works

1. Create a `Raster` from a raster file.
2. Create a `RasterLayer` from the raster.
3. Create a `Basemap` from the raster layer with `Basemap(RasterLayer)` and set it to the map with `ArcGISMap(basemap)`.
4. Create a `StretchRenderer`, specifying the stretch parameters and other properties.
5. Set the stretch renderer on the raster layer with `rasterLayer.setRasterRenderer(stretchRenderer)`.

## Relevant API

* MinMaxStretchParameters
* PercentClipStretchParameters
* Raster
* RasterLayer
* StandardDeviationStretchParameters
* StretchParameters
* StretchRenderer

## About the data

> This sample uses a raster imagery tile of an area of forested mountainous terrain and rivers.

Reviewer: This sample uses the same data as RGB renderer so we can just steal the section from there:

```suggestion
The raster used in this sample shows an area in the south of the Shasta-Trinity National Forest, California.
```
